label,sms
ham,But really quite funny lor wat... Then u shd haf run shorter distance wat...
ham,Our Prasanth ettans mother passed away last night. Just pray for her and family.
ham,I asked you to call him now ok
ham,"Madam,regret disturbance.might receive a reference check from DLF Premarica.kindly be informed.Rgds,Rakhesh,Kerala."
ham,Me hungry buy some food good lei... But mum n yun dun wan juz buy a little bit... 
ham,Hope this text meets you smiling. If not then let this text give you a reason to smile. Have a beautiful day.
ham,How r ü going to send it to me?
ham,Now i'm going for lunch.
ham,Life style garments account no please.
ham,Booked ticket for pongal?
ham,So can collect ur laptop?
ham,If you hear a loud scream in about &lt;#&gt; minutes its cause my Gyno will be shoving things up me that don't belong :/
ham,Yavnt tried yet and never played original either
ham,Tell them no need to investigate about me anywhere.
ham,Prepare to be pleasured :)
ham,Doc prescribed me morphine cause the other pain meds aren't enough. Waiting for my mom to bring it. That med should kick in fast so I'm gonna try to be on later
ham,Went fast asleep dear.take care.
ham,I will come tomorrow di
ham,I.ll get there tomorrow and send it to you
ham,You have registered Sinco as Payee. Log in at icicibank.com and enter URN  &lt;#&gt;  to confirm. Beware of frauds. Do NOT share or disclose URN to anyone.
spam,"You can stop further club tones by replying ""STOP MIX"" See my-tone.com/enjoy. html for terms. Club tones cost GBP4.50/week. MFL, PO Box 1146 MK45 2WT (2/3)"
ham,Yo do you know anyone  &lt;#&gt;  or otherwise able to buy liquor? Our guy flaked and right now if we don't get a hold of somebody its just 4 loko all night
spam,Phony £350 award - Todays Voda numbers ending XXXX are selected to receive a £350 award. If you have a match please call 08712300220 quoting claim code 3100 standard rates app
ham,HMM yeah if your not too grooved out! And im looking forward to my pound special :)
ham,says the  &lt;#&gt;  year old with a man and money. I'm down to my last  &lt;#&gt; . Still waiting for that check.
spam,Bloomberg -Message center +447797706009 Why wait? Apply for your future http://careers. bloomberg.com
spam,"SIX chances to win CASH! From 100 to 20,000 pounds txt> CSH11 and send to 87575. Cost 150p/day, 6days, 16+ TsandCs apply Reply HL 4 info"
ham,I donno if they are scorable
ham,What's the significance?
ham,Do u konw waht is rael FRIENDSHIP Im gving yuo an exmpel: Jsut ese tihs msg.. Evrey splleing of tihs msg is wrnog.. Bt sitll yuo can raed it wihtuot ayn mitsake.. GOODNIGHT &amp; HAVE A NICE SLEEP..SWEET DREAMS..
spam,You have 1 new message. Call 0207-083-6089
ham,Lol they were mad at first but then they woke up and gave in.
ham,Go where n buy? Juz buy when we get there lar.
ham,The wine is flowing and i'm i have nevering..
ham,I'm at home n ready...
ham,Happy birthday... May all ur dreams come true...
ham,"Haha figures, well I found the piece and priscilla's bowl"
ham,"That's cool he'll be here all night, lemme know when you're around"
ham,Only saturday and sunday holiday so its very difficult:)
ham,"I got arrested for possession at, I shit you not,  &lt;TIME&gt;  pm"
ham,"Mmmmm ... I loved waking to your words this morning ! I miss you too, my Love. I hope your day goes well and you are happy. I wait for us to be together again"
ham,Kay... Since we are out already 
ham,U WILL SWITCH YOUR FONE ON DAMMIT!!
ham,Hi its me you are probably having too much fun to get this message but i thought id txt u cos im bored! and james has been farting at me all night
ham,I came hostel. I m going to sleep. Plz call me up before class. Hrishi.
ham,"You are always putting your business out there. You put pictures of your ass on facebook. You are one of the most open people i've ever met. Why would i think a picture of your room would hurt you, make you feel violated."
ham,HEY MATE! HOWS U HONEY?DID U AVE GOOD HOLIDAY? GIMMI DE GOSS!x
ham,Are you still playing with gautham?
ham,Yo guess what I just dropped
ham,Did u got that persons story
ham,Now that you have started dont stop. Just pray for more good ideas and anything i see that can help you guys i.ll forward you a link.
ham,God created gap btwn ur fingers so dat sum1 vry special will fill those gaps by holding ur hands.. Now plz dont ask y he created so much gap between legs !!!
ham,It certainly puts things into perspective when something like this happens
ham,You will be in the place of that man
ham,You have registered Sinco as Payee. Log in at icicibank.com and enter URN  &lt;#&gt;  to confirm. Beware of frauds. Do NOT share or disclose URN to anyone.
ham,Jay says that you're a double-faggot
ham,And also I've sorta blown him off a couple times recently so id rather not text him out of the blue looking for weed
ham,Go fool dont cheat others ok
ham,Jus finish my lunch on my way home lor... I tot u dun wan 2 stay in sch today...
ham,"(I should add that I don't really care and if you can't I can at least get this dude to fuck off but hey, your money if you want it)"
ham,Oh... Lk tt den we take e one tt ends at cine lor... Dun wan yogasana oso can... 
ham,twenty past five he said will this train have been to durham already or not coz i am in a reserved seat
ham,Yeah do! Don‘t stand to close tho- you‘ll catch something!
ham,"It wont b until 2.15 as trying 2 sort house out, is that ok?"
ham,Friendship poem: Dear O Dear U R Not Near But I Can Hear Dont Get Fear Live With Cheer No More Tear U R Always my Dear. Gud ni8
ham,They said ü dun haf passport or smth like dat.. Or ü juz send to my email account..  
spam,"Thank you, winner notified by sms. Good Luck! No future marketing reply STOP to 84122 customer services 08450542832"
ham,Jus finish bathing...
ham,Don't forget though that I love you .... And I walk beside you. Watching over you and keeping your heart warm.
spam,"You have been selected to stay in 1 of 250 top British hotels - FOR NOTHING! Holiday Worth £350! To Claim, Call London 02072069400. Bx 526, SW73SS"
ham,In work now. Going have in few min.
ham,I think i am disturbing her da
ham,"Just sent you an email – to an address with incomm in it, is that right?"
ham,What can i do? Might accidant tookplace between somewhere ghodbandar rd. Traffic moves slovely. So plz slip &amp; don't worry.
spam,FreeMsg>FAV XMAS TONES!Reply REAL
ham,"The gas station is like a block away from my house, you'll drive right by it since armenia ends at swann and you have to take howard"
ham,Gr8. So how do you handle the victoria island traffic. Plus when's the album due
ham,I want to sent  &lt;#&gt; mesages today. Thats y. Sorry if i hurts
ham,Tell me again what your address is
ham,Amazing : If you rearrange these letters it gives the same meaning... Dormitory = Dirty room Astronomer = Moon starer The eyes = They see Election results = Lies lets recount Mother-in-law = Woman Hitler Eleven plus two =Twelve plus one Its Amazing... !:-)
ham,"sure, but make sure he knows we ain't smokin yet"
ham,Uhhhhrmm isnt having tb test bad when youre sick
ham,"Yes obviously, but you are the eggs-pert and the potato head… Speak soon! "
ham,"My friend just got here and says he's upping his order by a few grams (he's got $ &lt;#&gt; ), when can you get here?"
ham,"Goodmorning, today i am late for  &lt;DECIMAL&gt; min."
ham,Anything lor... U decide...
ham,Dai what this da.. Can i send my resume to this id.
spam,XMAS Prize draws! We are trying to contact U. Todays draw shows that you have won a £2000 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09058094565 from land line. Valid 12hrs only
ham,"They can try! They can get lost, in fact. Tee hee"
ham,No..few hours before.went to hair cut .
spam,"We know someone who you know that fancies you. Call 09058097218 to find out who. POBox 6, LS15HB 150p"
ham,Do you like shaking your booty on the dance floor?
ham,"Hiya, probably coming home * weekend after next"
ham,"Like  &lt;#&gt; , same question"
ham,I didnt get anything da
ham,U gd lor go shopping i got stuff to do. U wan 2 watch infernal affairs a not? Come lar...
ham,Ok
ham,Dont think you need yellow card for uk travel. Ask someone that has gone before. If you do its just  &lt;#&gt; bucks
ham,Ok thanx...
ham,Nope... Think i will go for it on monday... Sorry i replied so late
ham,It's ok i noe u're busy but i'm really too bored so i msg u. I oso dunno wat colour she choose 4 me one.
ham,No prob. I will send to your email.
ham,It is a good thing I'm now getting the connection to bw
spam,Hi. Customer Loyalty Offer:The NEW Nokia6650 Mobile from ONLY £10 at TXTAUCTION! Txt word: START to No: 81151 & get yours Now! 4T&Ctxt TC 150p/MTmsg
ham,PICK UR FONE UP NOW U DUMB?
ham,How to Make a girl Happy? It's not at all difficult to make girls happy. U only need to be... 1. A friend 2. Companion 3. Lover 4. Chef . . .  &lt;#&gt; . Good listener  &lt;#&gt; . Organizer  &lt;#&gt; . Good boyfriend  &lt;#&gt; . Very clean  &lt;#&gt; . Sympathetic  &lt;#&gt; . Athletic  &lt;#&gt; . Warm . . .  &lt;#&gt; . Courageous  &lt;#&gt; . Determined  &lt;#&gt; . True  &lt;#&gt; . Dependable  &lt;#&gt; . Intelligent . . .  &lt;#&gt; . Psychologist  &lt;#&gt; . Pest exterminator  &lt;#&gt; . Psychiatrist  &lt;#&gt; . Healer . .  &lt;#&gt; . Stylist  &lt;#&gt; . Driver . . Aaniye pudunga venaam..
ham,I'll meet you in the lobby
ham,Havent stuck at orchard in my dad's car. Going 4 dinner now. U leh? So r they free tonight?
ham,"We're all getting worried over here, derek and taylor have already assumed the worst"
ham,"Think i might have to give it a miss. Am teaching til twelve, then have lecture at two. Damn this working thing."
ham,"I'm done. I'm sorry. I hope your next space gives you everything you want. Remember all the furniture is yours. If i'm not around when you move it, just lock all the locks and leave the key with jenne."
ham,Was just about to ask. Will keep this one. Maybe that's why you didn't get all the messages we sent you on glo
ham,Neshanth..tel me who r u?
ham,"I jus hope its true that  missin me cos i'm really missin him! You haven't done anything to feel guilty about, yet."
ham,"Yo, you around? Just got my car back"
ham,I will be gentle baby! Soon you will be taking all  &lt;#&gt;  inches deep inside your tight pussy...
ham,I anything lor...
ham,Some are lasting as much as 2 hours. You might get lucky.
ham,Fffff. Can you text kadeem or are you too far gone
ham,Is it ok if I stay the night here? Xavier has a sleeping bag and I'm getting tired
ham,I am great princess! What are you thinking about me? :)
ham,"Just checked out, heading out to drop off my stuff now"
spam,Call 09095350301 and send our girls into erotic ecstacy. Just 60p/min. To stop texts call 08712460324 (nat rate)
ham,I wnt to buy a BMW car urgently..its vry urgent.but hv a shortage of  &lt;#&gt; Lacs.there is no source to arng dis amt. &lt;#&gt; lacs..thats my prob
ham,I will reach before ten morning
ham,I have a rather prominent bite mark on my right cheek
ham,Can you open the door?
ham,Neva mind it's ok..
ham,You call him now ok i said call him
spam,"YOUR CHANCE TO BE ON A REALITY FANTASY SHOW call now = 08707509020 Just 20p per min NTT Ltd, PO Box 1327 Croydon CR9 5WB 0870 is a national = rate call."
ham,LOL ... Have you made plans for new years?
ham,"Sorry, I'll call later"
spam,<Forwarded from 21870000>Hi - this is your Mailbox Messaging SMS alert. You have 40 matches. Please call back on 09056242159 to retrieve your messages and matches cc100p/min
ham,Are you this much buzy
ham,Hey they r not watching movie tonight so i'll prob b home early...
ham,They are just making it easy to pay back. I have  &lt;#&gt; yrs to say but i can pay back earlier. You get?
ham,I wont. So wat's wit the guys
ham,"Dad wanted to talk about the apartment so I got a late start, omw now"
ham,Ok Chinese food on its way. When I get fat you're paying for my lipo.
ham,I was up all night too worrying about this appt. It's a shame we missed a girls night out with quizzes popcorn and you doing my hair.
ham,"Cool, I'll text you in a few"
ham,Nice talking to you! please dont forget my pix :) i want to see all of you...
ham,Watching tv lor... Y she so funny we bluff her 4 wat. Izzit because she thk it's impossible between us?
ham,Mode men or have you left.
ham,Tell where you reached
ham,"Dear, take care. I am just reaching home.love u a lot."
ham,"Mah b, I'll pick it up tomorrow"
ham,I'm done. C ü there.
spam,"Double mins and txts 4 6months FREE Bluetooth on Orange. Available on Sony, Nokia Motorola phones. Call MobileUpd8 on 08000839402 or call2optout/N9DX"
ham,Shall call now dear having food
spam,Please call our customer service representative on FREEPHONE 0808 145 4742 between 9am-11pm as you have WON a guaranteed £1000 cash or £5000 prize!
ham,"you are sweet as well, princess. Please tell me your likes and dislikes in bed..."
ham,"No idea, I guess we'll work that out an hour after we're supposed to leave since as usual nobody has any interest in figuring shit out before the last second"
ham,"7 wonders in My WORLD 7th You 6th Ur style 5th Ur smile 4th Ur Personality 3rd Ur Nature 2nd Ur SMS and 1st ""Ur Lovely Friendship""... good morning dear"
ham,K..k:)where are you?how did you performed?
ham,"I'm there and I can see you, but you can't see me ? Maybe you should reboot ym ? I seen the buzz"
ham,Ok.
ham,Dunno y u ask me.
ham,"Sorry to trouble u again. Can buy 4d for my dad again? 1405, 1680, 1843. All 2 big 1 small, sat n sun. Thanx."
ham,"Haha better late than ever, any way I could swing by?"
ham,"Solve d Case : A Man Was Found Murdered On  &lt;DECIMAL&gt; . &lt;#&gt;  AfterNoon. 1,His wife called Police. 2,Police questioned everyone. 3,Wife: Sir,I was sleeping, when the murder took place. 4.Cook: I was cooking. 5.Gardener: I was picking vegetables. 6.House-Maid: I went 2 d post office. 7.Children: We went 2 play. 8.Neighbour: We went 2 a marriage. Police arrested d murderer Immediately. Who's It? Reply With Reason, If U r Brilliant."
ham,Baaaaabe! I misss youuuuu ! Where are you ? I have to go and teach my class at 5 ...
ham,Ok i found dis pierre cardin one which looks normal costs 20 its on sale.
ham,I like you peoples very much:) but am very shy pa.
ham,In which place do you want da.
ham,"Well imma definitely need to restock before thanksgiving, I'll let you know when I'm out"
ham,o turns out i had stereo love on mi phone under the unknown album.
ham,Lol your right. What diet? Everyday I cheat anyway. I'm meant to be a fatty :(
ham,Well. Im computerless. Time to make some oreo truffles
ham,"Sorry, I'll call later"
ham,"Perhaps * is much easy give your account identification, so i will tomorrow at UNI"
ham,Jason says it's cool if we pick some up from his place in like an hour
ham,"Hey babe, my friend had to cancel, still up for a visit ?"
ham,No. To be nosy I guess. Idk am I over reacting if I'm freaked?
ham,"Wishing you and your family Merry ""X"" mas and HAPPY NEW Year in advance.."
spam,"Urgent! Please call 0906346330. Your ABTA complimentary 4* Spanish Holiday or £10,000 cash await collection SAE T&Cs BOX 47 PO19 2EZ 150ppm 18+"
spam,Double your mins & txts on Orange or 1/2 price linerental - Motorola and SonyEricsson with B/Tooth FREE-Nokia FREE Call MobileUpd8 on 08000839402 or2optout/HV9D
ham,Ok but tell me half an hr b4 u come i need 2 prepare.
ham,Goodnight da thangam I really miss u dear.
ham,Tessy..pls do me a favor. Pls convey my birthday wishes to Nimya..pls dnt forget it. Today is her birthday Shijas
ham,"Hmmm.... Mayb can try e shoppin area one, but forgot e name of hotel..."
ham,Yup ü not comin :-(
ham,Will be out of class in a few hours. Sorry
ham,Then ur physics get a-?
ham," came to look at the flat, seems ok, in his 50s? * Is away alot wiv work. Got woman coming at 6.30 too."
ham,Howz that persons story
ham,"So many people seems to be special at first sight, But only very few will remain special to you till your last sight.. Maintain them till life ends.. take cr da"
ham,Dunno lei... I thk mum lazy to go out... I neva ask her yet...
ham,We're done...
ham,"Yeah, in fact he just asked if we needed anything like an hour ago. When and how much?"
ham,I don't think he has spatula hands!
spam,"URGENT! Your mobile No 077xxx WON a £2,000 Bonus Caller Prize on 02/06/03! This is the 2nd attempt to reach YOU! Call 09066362206 ASAP! BOX97N7QP, 150ppm"
ham,Ü dun wan to watch infernal affair?
ham,Apart from the one i told you about yesterday?
ham,Eh sorry leh... I din c ur msg. Not sad already lar. Me watching tv now. U still in office?
spam,Great News! Call FREEFONE 08006344447 to claim your guaranteed £1000 CASH or £2000 gift. Speak to a live operator NOW!
ham,Message from . I am at Truro Hospital on ext. You can phone me here. as I have a phone by my side
ham,Ok how you dear. Did you call chechi
ham,"I call you later, don't have network. If urgnt, sms me."
ham,In life when you face choices Just toss a coin not becoz its settle the question But while the coin in the air U will know what your heart is hoping for. Gudni8
ham,No screaming means shouting..
ham,The basket's gettin full so I might be by tonight
ham,Do you work all this week ?
ham,Come by our room at some point so we can iron out the plan for this weekend
ham,"Solve d Case : A Man Was Found Murdered On  &lt;DECIMAL&gt; . &lt;#&gt;  AfterNoon. 1,His wife called Police. 2,Police questioned everyone. 3,Wife: Sir,I was sleeping, when the murder took place. 4.Cook: I was cooking. 5.Gardener: I was picking vegetables. 6.House-Maid: I went 2 d post office. 7.Children: We went 2 play. 8.Neighbour: We went 2 a marriage. Police arrested d murderer Immediately. Who's It? Reply With Reason, If U r Brilliant."
ham,"Geeeee ... Your internet is really bad today, eh ?"
ham,I'm at home. Please call
ham,"If you can make it any time tonight or whenever you can it's cool, just text me whenever you're around"
ham,Have you emigrated or something? Ok maybe 5.30 was a bit hopeful...
ham,Wow didn't think it was that common. I take it all back ur not a freak! Unless u chop it off:-)
ham,Yes:)here tv is always available in work place..
ham,Been running but only managed 5 minutes and then needed oxygen! Might have to resort to the roller option!
ham,I am late. I will be there at
spam,You are awarded a SiPix Digital Camera! call 09061221061 from landline. Delivery within 28days. T Cs Box177. M221BP. 2yr warranty. 150ppm. 16 . p p£3.99
spam,How about getting in touch with folks waiting for company? Just txt back your NAME and AGE to opt in! Enjoy the community (150p/SMS)
ham,Ummmmmaah Many many happy returns of d day my dear sweet heart.. HAPPY BIRTHDAY dear
ham,:) 
ham,Lil fever:) now fine:)
ham,Just got outta class gonna go gym.
ham,I am literally in bed and have been up for like  &lt;#&gt;  hours
spam,5p 4 alfie Moon's Children in need song on ur mob. Tell ur m8s. Txt Tone charity to 8007 for Nokias or Poly charity for polys: zed 08701417012 profit 2 charity.
ham,Also that chat was awesome but don't make it regular unless you can see her in person
ham,So your telling me I coulda been your real Valentine and I wasn't? U never pick me for NOTHING!!
ham,"Hm good morning, headache anyone? :-)"
ham,Pls help me tell Ashley that i cant find her number oh
ham,TELL HER I SAID EAT SHIT.
ham,if you aren't here in the next  &lt;#&gt;  hours imma flip my shit
ham,Y so late but i need to go n get da laptop...
ham,Ok lor ü reaching then message me.
ham,O we cant see if we can join denis and mina? Or does denis want alone time
ham,"Haven't found a way to get another app for your phone, eh ? Will you go to the net cafe ? Did you take that job? Geeee I need you babe. I crave to see you ..."
ham,Got it! It looks scrumptious... daddy wants to eat you all night long!
ham,I was slept that time.you there?
ham,No no:)this is kallis home ground.amla home town is durban:)
ham,I meant middle left or right?
ham,"Yo, you gonna still be in stock tomorrow/today? I'm trying to get a dubsack"
ham,1's finish meeting call me.
ham,Two teams waiting for some players
ham,Oh k k:)but he is not a big hitter.anyway good
ham,"Helloooo... Wake up..! ""Sweet"" ""morning"" ""welcomes"" ""You"" ""Enjoy"" ""This Day"" ""with full of joy"".. ""GUD MRNG""."
ham,Oops. 4 got that bit.
ham,"Awesome, I'll see you in a bit"
ham,The Xmas story is peace.. The Xmas msg is love.. The Xmas miracle is jesus.. Hav a blessed month ahead &amp; wish U Merry Xmas...
spam,Hard LIVE 121 chat just 60p/min. Choose your girl and connect LIVE. Call 09094646899 now! Cheap Chat UK's biggest live service. VU BCM1896WC1N3XX
ham,cThen i thk shd b enuff.. Still got conclusion n contents pg n references.. I'll b doing da contents pg n cover pg..
ham,"Haha awesome, be there in a minute"
ham,I'm coming home 4 dinner.
ham,Sindu got job in birla soft ..
spam,Sorry I missed your call let's talk when you have the time. I'm on 07090201529
ham,Yeah I imagine he would be really gentle. Unlike the other docs who treat their patients like turkeys.
ham,Thats cool. i liked your photos. You are very sexy!
ham,S but not able to sleep.
spam,U have a secret admirer who is looking 2 make contact with U-find out who they R*reveal who thinks UR so special-call on 09058094599
spam,"URGENT! You have won a 1 week FREE membership in our £100,000 Prize Jackpot! Txt the word: CLAIM to No: 81010 T&C www.dbuk.net LCCLTD POBOX 4403LDNW1A7RW18"
ham,great princess! I love giving and receiving oral. Doggy style is my fave position. How about you? I enjoy making love  &lt;#&gt;  times per night :)
ham,"""AH POOR BABY!HOPE URFEELING BETTERSN LUV! PROBTHAT OVERDOSE OF WORK HEY GO CAREFUL SPK 2 U SN LOTS OF LOVEJEN XXX."""
ham,Surely result will offer:)
ham,Lolnice. I went from a fish to ..water.?
ham,No need lar. Jus testing e phone card. Dunno network not gd i thk. Me waiting 4 my sis 2 finish bathing so i can bathe. Dun disturb u liao u cleaning ur room.
ham,Where u been hiding stranger?
spam,"UpgrdCentre Orange customer, you may now claim your FREE CAMERA PHONE upgrade for your loyalty. Call now on 0207 153 9153. Offer ends 26th July. T&C's apply. Opt-out available"
ham,Let's pool our money together and buy a bunch of lotto tickets. If we win I get &lt;#&gt; % u get &lt;#&gt; %. Deal?
ham,At 7 we will go ok na.
ham,Oh k. . I will come tomorrow
ham,Oh ho. Is this the first time u use these type of words
spam,Camera - You are awarded a SiPix Digital Camera! call 09061221066 fromm landline. Delivery within 28 days.
ham,"Sorry, I'll call later"
ham,I wont touch you with out your permission.
ham,I'll probably be around mu a lot
ham,K I'll take care of it
ham,Hey... Very inconvenient for your sis a not huh?
ham,What you did in  leave.
ham,"It's ok, at least armand's still around"
ham,Wanna do some art?! :D
ham,Just sleeping..and surfing
ham,I'll let you know when it kicks in
ham,"Tick, tick, tick .... Where are you ? I could die of loneliness you know ! *pouts* *stomps feet* I need you ..."
spam,U have a Secret Admirer who is looking 2 make contact with U-find out who they R*reveal who thinks UR so special-call on 09065171142-stopsms-08
ham,I love your ass! Do you enjoy doggy style? :)
ham,You are gorgeous! keep those pix cumming :) thank you!
ham,Shhhhh nobody is supposed to know!
ham,I got a call from a landline number. . . I am asked to come to anna nagar . . . I will go in the afternoon
ham,Ok...
ham,Hi im having the most relaxing time ever! we have to get up at 7am every day! was the party good the other night? I get home tomorrow at 5ish.
ham,Pandy joined 4w technologies today.he got job..
ham,I havent lei.. Next mon can?
ham,Ya i knw u vl giv..its ok thanks kano..anyway enjoy wit ur family wit 1st salary..:-);-)
ham,"""Hey sorry I didntgive ya a a bellearlier hunny,just been in bedbut mite go 2 thepub l8tr if uwana mt up?loads a luv Jenxxx."""
ham,Yes.. now only saw your message..
spam,Natalie (20/F) is inviting you to be her friend. Reply YES-165 or NO-165 See her: www.SMS.ac/u/natalie2k9 STOP? Send STOP FRND to 62468
ham,Never try alone to take the weight of a tear that comes out of ur heart and falls through ur eyes... Always remember a STUPID FRIEND is here to share... BSLVYL
ham,Why are u up so early?
ham,Thx. All will be well in a few months
ham,Dont put your phone on silent mode ok
ham,I have a sore throat. It's scratches when I talk
ham,Excellent! Are you ready to moan and scream in ecstasy?
ham,You're not sure that I'm not trying to make xavier smoke because I don't want to smoke after being told I smoke too much?
ham,My exam is for february 4. Wish you a great day.
ham,Aaooooright are you at work?
ham,"&lt;#&gt;  is fast approaching. So, Wish u a very Happy New Year Happy Sankranti Happy republic day Happy Valentines Day Happy Shivratri Happy Ugadi Happy Fools day Happy May Day Happy Independence Day, Happy Friendship,Mother,Father,Teachers,Childrens Day, &amp; HAPPY BIRTHDAY 4 U. Happy Ganesh festival Happy Dasara Happy Diwali Happy Christmas  &lt;#&gt;  Good Mornings Afternoons, Evenings Nights. RememberI AM the first to WISHING U ALL THESE...your's Raj"
ham,Boo what time u get out? U were supposed to take me shopping today. :(
spam,"FreeMsg Hey there darling it's been 3 week's now and no word back! I'd like some fun you up for it still? Tb ok! XxX std chgs to send, £1.50 to rcv"
ham,Dude while were makin those weirdy brownies my sister made awesome cookies. I took pics.
ham,University of southern california.
spam,You have won a Nokia 7250i. This is what you get when you win our FREE auction. To take part send Nokia to 86021 now. HG/Suite342/2Lands Row/W1JHL 16+
ham,Man this bus is so so so slow. I think you're gonna get there before me
ham,"""Keep ur problems in ur heart, b'coz nobody will fight for u. Only u &amp; u have to fight for ur self &amp; win the battle. -VIVEKANAND- G 9t.. SD.."
ham,Are you willing to go for apps class.
ham,"Yeah work is fine, started last week, all the same stuff as before, dull but easy and guys are fun!"
ham,Nite nite pocay wocay luv u more than n e thing 4eva I promise ring u 2morrowxxxx
ham,Have you heard about that job? I'm going to that wildlife talk again tonight if u want2come. Its that2worzels and a wizzle or whatever it is?! 
ham,Surly ill give it to you:-) while coming to review.
ham,Now press conference da:)
ham,Not a lot has happened here. Feels very quiet. Beth is at her aunts and charlie is working lots. Just me and helen in at the mo. How have you been? 
ham,Didn't you get hep b immunisation in nigeria.
ham,I sent them. Do you like?
ham,Let Ur Heart Be Ur Compass Ur Mind Ur Map Ur Soul Ur Guide And U Will Never loose in world....gnun - Sent via WAY2SMS.COM
spam,Ur cash-balance is currently 500 pounds - to maximize ur cash-in now send GO to 86688 only 150p/msg. CC: 08718720201 PO BOX 114/14 TCR/W1
ham,Lol! Oops sorry! Have fun. 
ham,Ü collecting ur laptop then going to configure da settings izzit?
ham,Yup ok thanx...
ham,Hey! Congrats 2u2. id luv 2 but ive had 2 go home!
ham,"I want to show you the world, princess :) how about europe?"
ham,Dad says hurry the hell up
spam,I'd like to tell you my deepest darkest fantasies. Call me 09094646631 just 60p/min. To stop texts call 08712460324 (nat rate)
ham,U wake up already? Thanx 4 e tau sar piah it's quite nice.
spam,"Urgent! call 09061749602 from Landline. Your complimentary 4* Tenerife Holiday or £10,000 cash await collection SAE T&Cs BOX 528 HP20 1YF 150ppm 18+"
ham,Ard 515 like dat. Y?
ham,Er mw im filled tuth is aight
ham,"Do 1 thing! Change that sentence into: ""Because i want 2 concentrate in my educational career im leaving here.."""
ham,If u sending her home first it's ok lor. I'm not ready yet.
ham,Lara said she can loan me  &lt;#&gt; .
ham,"Sir, I am waiting for your mail."
ham,"Er, hello, things didn‘t quite go to plan – is limping slowly home followed by aa and with exhaust hanging off"
ham,… and don‘t worry we‘ll have finished by march … ish!
ham,aathi..where are you dear..
ham,Ok... Ur typical reply...
ham,Of course. I guess god's just got me on hold right now.
ham,Yup...
ham,Hey u still at the gym?
ham,"Beautiful Truth against Gravity.. Read carefully: ""Our heart feels light when someone is in it.. But it feels very heavy when someone leaves it.."" GOOD NIGHT"
ham,Am also doing in cbe only. But have to pay.
ham,Uncle Abbey! Happy New Year. Abiola
ham,K..k:)how about your training process?
ham,"I am real, baby! I want to bring out your inner tigress..."
ham,Sos! Any amount i can get pls.
ham,&lt;#&gt;  am I think? Should say on syllabus
ham,I'm wif him now buying tix lar...
ham,Hmm ill have to think about it... ok you're forgiven! =D
ham,"""GRAN ONLYFOUND OUT AFEW DAYS AGO.CUSOON HONI"""
ham,I am back. Bit long cos of accident on a30. Had to divert via wadebridge.I had a brilliant weekend thanks. Speak soon. Lots of love
spam,"England v Macedonia - dont miss the goals/team news. Txt ur national team to 87077 eg ENGLAND to 87077 Try:WALES, SCOTLAND 4txt/ú1.20 POBOXox36504W45WQ 16+"
ham,Ok...
ham,Hey tmr maybe can meet you at yck
ham,He says hi and to get your ass back to south tampa (preferably at a kegger)
ham,Waiting for your call.
ham,"Hey, iouri gave me your number, I'm wylie, ryan's friend"
ham,Prepare to be pounded every night...
ham,Ok...
ham,No:-)i got rumour that you going to buy apartment in chennai:-)
ham,We walked from my moms. Right on stagwood pass right on winterstone left on victors hill. Address is &lt;#&gt;
ham,I'm in school now n i'll be in da lab doing some stuff give me a call when ü r done.
ham,26th OF JULY
ham,Hey you still want to go for yogasana? Coz if we end at cine then can go bathe and hav the steam bath
ham,My birthday is on feb  &lt;#&gt;  da. .
spam,"XXXMobileMovieClub: To use your credit, click the WAP link in the next txt message or click here>> http://wap. xxxmobilemovieclub.com?n=QJKGIGHJJGCBL"
ham,"One of best dialogue in cute reltnship..!! ""Wen i Die, Dont Come Near My Body..!! Bcoz My Hands May Not Come 2 Wipe Ur Tears Off That Time..!Gud ni8"
ham,Are you there in room.
ham,We not leaving yet. Ok lor then we go elsewhere n eat. U thk...
ham,What I'm saying is if you haven't explicitly told nora I know someone I'm probably just not gonna bother
ham,Take care and sleep well.you need to learn to change in life.you only need to get CONVINCED on that.i will wait but no more conversations between us.GET CONVINCED by that time.Your family is over for you in many senses.respect them but not overemphasise.or u have no role in my life.
ham,I'll be in sch fr 4-6... I dun haf da book in sch... It's at home...
ham,"""Its Ur luck to Love someone. Its Ur fortune to Love the one who Loves U. But, its a miracle to Love a person who can't Love anyone except U..."" Gud nyt..."
spam,Fancy a shag? I do.Interested? sextextuk.com txt XXUK SUZY to 69876. Txts cost 1.50 per msg. TnCs on website. X
spam,Hope you enjoyed your new content. text stop to 61610 to unsubscribe. help:08712400602450p Provided by tones2you.co.uk
ham,"Aight, sounds good. When do you want me to come down?"
ham,"My friend, she's studying at warwick, we've planned to go shopping and to concert tmw, but it may be canceled, havn't seen  for ages, yeah we should get together sometime!"
ham,"Evening * v good if somewhat event laden. Will fill you in, don't you worry … Head * ok but throat * wrecked. See you at six then!"
ham,Sun ah... Thk mayb can if dun have anythin on... Thk have to book e lesson... E pilates is at orchard mrt u noe hor...  
ham,I wanted to ask ü to wait 4 me to finish lect. Cos my lect finishes in an hour anyway.
ham,Squeeeeeze!! This is christmas hug.. If u lik my frndshp den hug me back.. If u get 3 u r cute:) 6 u r luvd:* 9 u r so lucky;) None? People hate u:
spam,"Your account has been credited with 500 FREE Text Messages. To activate, just txt the word: CREDIT to No: 80488 T&Cs www.80488.biz"
ham,"Hi the way I was with u 2day, is the normal way&this is the real me. UR unique&I hope I know u 4 the rest of mylife. Hope u find wot was lost."
ham,Ok lor... But buy wat?
ham,"Just got some gas money, any chance you and the gang want to go on a grand nature adventure?"
ham,Haiyoh... Maybe your hamster was jealous of million
spam,"You are being contacted by our dating service by someone you know! To find out who it is, call from a land line 09050000928. PoBox45W2TG150P"
ham,Are you ok. What happen to behave like this
ham,I will come to ur home now
ham,Ok... Let u noe when i leave my house.
ham,"When you get free, call me"
ham,PS U no ur a grown up now right?
ham,He remains a bro amongst bros
ham,Lol now I'm after that hot air balloon!
ham,Not sure I have the stomach for it ...
spam,"U were outbid by simonwatson5120 on the Shinco DVD Plyr. 2 bid again, visit sms. ac/smsrewards 2 end bid notifications, reply END OUT"
ham,Welp apparently he retired
ham,Mind blastin.. No more Tsunamis will occur from now on.. Rajnikant stopped swimming in Indian Ocean..:-D
ham,I might come to kerala for 2 days.so you can be prepared to take a leave once i finalise .dont plan any travel during my visit.need to finish urgent works.
ham,Or I guess  &lt;#&gt;  min
ham,"My life Means a lot to me, Not because I love my life, But because I love the people in my life, The world calls them friends, I call them my World:-).. Ge:-).."
ham,I will come with karnan car. Please wait till 6pm will directly goto doctor.
ham,Esplanade lor. Where else...
ham,There's someone here that has a year  &lt;#&gt;  toyota camry like mr olayiwola's own. Mileage is  &lt;#&gt; k.its clean but i need to know how much will it sell for. If i can raise the dough for it how soon after landing will it sell. Holla back.
spam,Can U get 2 phone NOW? I wanna chat 2 set up meet Call me NOW on 09096102316 U can cum here 2moro Luv JANE xx Calls£1/minmoremobsEMSPOBox45PO139WA
ham,I know that my friend already told that.
ham,"Good afternoon, my love ... How goes your day ? How did you sleep ? I hope your well, my boytoy ... I think of you ..."
ham,I‘m parked next to a MINI!!!! When are you coming in today do you think?
spam,"In The Simpsons Movie released in July 2007 name the band that died at the start of the film? A-Green Day, B-Blue Day, C-Red Day. (Send A, B or C)"
ham,"Gal n boy walking in d park. gal-can i hold ur hand? boy-y? do u think i would run away? gal-no, jst wana c how it feels walking in heaven with an prince..GN:-)"
spam,"For ur chance to win a £250 cash every wk TXT: ACTION to 80608. T's&C's www.movietrivia.tv custcare 08712405022, 1x150p/wk"
ham,"My Parents, My Kidz, My Friends n My Colleagues. All screaming.. SURPRISE !! and I was waiting on the sofa.. ... ..... ' NAKED...!"
ham,Wow so healthy. Old airport rd lor. Cant thk of anything else. But i'll b bathing my dog later.
ham,Yes fine 
ham,We'll join the  &lt;#&gt;  bus
ham,Will you be here for food
spam,Text & meet someone sexy today. U can find a date or even flirt its up to U. Join 4 just 10p. REPLY with NAME & AGE eg Sam 25. 18 -msg recd@thirtyeight pence
ham,Black shirt n blue jeans... I thk i c ü...
ham,Ü called dad oredi...
ham,"* Was a nice day and, impressively, i was sensible, went home early and now feel fine. Or am i just boring?! When's yours, i can't remember."
spam,U have a Secret Admirer who is looking 2 make contact with U-find out who they R*reveal who thinks UR so special-call on 09065171142-stopsms-08718727870150ppm
ham,I wish u were here. I feel so alone
ham,I'm going for bath will msg you next  &lt;#&gt;  min..
ham,Heart is empty without love.. Mind is empty without wisdom.. Eyes r empty without dreams &amp; Life is empty without frnds.. So Alwys Be In Touch. Good night &amp; sweet dreams
ham,"I've got  &lt;#&gt; , any way I could pick up?"
ham,"Ya they are well and fine., BBD(pooja) full pimples..even she become quite black..and ur rite here its too cold, wearing sweatter.."
ham,Are you the cutest girl in the world or what
ham,How much for an eighth?
ham,"K, my roommate also wants a dubsack and another friend may also want some so plan on bringing extra, I'll tell you when they know for sure"
ham,Sac needs to carry on:)
spam,Good Luck! Draw takes place 28th Feb 06. Good Luck! For removal send STOP to 87239 customer services 08708034412
ham,Oh god..taken the teeth?is it paining
spam,You are a winner you have been specially selected to receive £1000 cash or a £2000 award. Speak to a live operator to claim call 087147123779am-7pm. Cost 10p
ham,* Was thinking about chuckin ur red green n black trainners 2 save carryin them bac on train
ham,"Haha I heard that, text me when you're around"
ham,Ok. I only ask abt e movie. U wan ktv oso?
ham,Wah... Okie okie... Muz make use of e unlimited... Haha... 
ham,"Sorry, I'll call later"
ham,Smile in Pleasure Smile in Pain Smile when trouble pours like Rain Smile when sum1 Hurts U Smile becoz SOMEONE still Loves to see u Smiling!!
ham,Shall I bring us a bottle of wine to keep us amused? Only joking! I‘ll bring one anyway
ham,No one interested. May be some business plan.
ham,"Greetings me, ! Consider yourself excused."
ham,Wat uniform? In where get?
ham,"Rose needs water, season needs change, poet needs imagination..My phone needs ur sms and i need ur lovely frndship forever...."
ham,"Thanks again for your reply today. When is ur visa coming in. And r u still buying the gucci and bags. My sister things are not easy, uncle john also has his own bills so i really need to think about how to make my own money. Later sha."
ham,U 2.
ham,Dear got train and seat mine lower seat
ham,Alright. I'm out--have a good night!
spam,Ur TONEXS subscription has been renewed and you have been charged £4.50. You can choose 10 more polys this month. www.clubzed.co.uk *BILLING MSG*
ham,hows my favourite person today? r u workin hard? couldn't sleep again last nite nearly rang u at 4.30
ham,When did i use soc... I use it only at home... Ü dunno how 2 type it in word ar...
ham,What happened to our yo date?
ham,"Yeah I think my usual guy's still passed out from last night, if you get ahold of anybody let me know and I'll throw down"
ham,Babe? You said 2 hours and it's been almost 4 ... Is your internet down ?
ham,R we going with the  &lt;#&gt;  bus?
spam,u r a winner U ave been specially selected 2 receive £1000 cash or a 4* holiday (flights inc) speak to a live operator 2 claim 0871277810710p/min (18 )
ham,I'm vivek:)i got call from your number.
spam,Dear Voucher holder Have your next meal on us. Use the following link on your pc 2 enjoy a 2 4 1 dining experiencehttp://www.vouch4me.com/etlp/dining.asp
ham,I dont thnk its a wrong calling between us
ham,So the sun is anti sleep medicine.
ham,K then 2marrow are you coming to class.
ham,"""ER, ENJOYIN INDIANS AT THE MO..yeP. SaLL gOoD HehE ;> hows bout u shexy? Pete Xx"""
spam,"FreeMSG You have been awarded a FREE mini DIGITAL CAMERA, just reply SNAP to collect your prize! (quizclub Opt out? Stop 80122300p/wk SP:RWM Ph:08704050406)"
ham,Thanks for loving me so. You rock
ham,Why do you ask princess?
ham,Ok... But bag again..
spam,This msg is for your mobile content order It has been resent as previous attempt failed due to network error Queries to customersqueries@netvision.uk.com
ham,"It's fine, imma get a drink or somethin. Want me to come find you?"
ham,Id onluy matters when getting on from offcampus
ham, &lt;#&gt;  mins but i had to stop somewhere first.
ham,"Its ok chikku, and its my 1 of favourite song..:-)"
ham,Yeah you should. I think you can use your gt atm now to register. Not sure but if there's anyway i can help let me know. But when you do be sure you are ready.
ham,Life spend with someone for a lifetime may be meaningless but a few moments spent with someone who really love you means more than life itself..
spam,"Latest Nokia Mobile or iPOD MP3 Player +£400 proze GUARANTEED! Reply with: WIN to 83355 now! Norcorp Ltd.£1,50/Mtmsgrcvd18+"
spam,You have an important customer service announcement. Call FREEPHONE 0800 542 0825 now!
ham,"How's my loverboy doing ? What does he do that keeps him from coming to his Queen, hmmm ? Doesn't he ache to speak to me ? Miss me desparately ?"
ham,If You mean the website. Yes.
spam,http//tms. widelive.com/index. wml?id=820554ad0a1705572711&first=true¡C C Ringtone¡
ham,K.then any other special?
ham,Its ok my arm is feeling weak cuz i got a shot so we can go another time
spam,"Ur balance is now £600. Next question: Complete the landmark, Big, A. Bob, B. Barry or C. Ben ?. Text A, B or C to 83738. Good luck!"
ham,"Don't Think About ""What u Have Got"" Think About ""How to Use It That You Have Got"" gooD ni8"
ham,Lol yes. But it will add some spice to your day.
ham,"I'm not coming over, do whatever you want"
ham,U coming back 4 dinner rite? Dad ask me so i re confirm wif u...
ham,Imagine Life WITHOUT ME... see.. How fast u are searching me?Don't worry.. l'm always there To disturb U.. Goodnoon..:)
ham,Crucify is c not s. You should have told me earlier.
ham,U should make a fb list
ham,I re-met alex nichols from middle school and it turns out he's dealing!
ham,I only haf msn. It's yijue@hotmail.com
ham,Maybe you should find something else to do instead???
ham,Weightloss! No more girl friends. Make loads of money on ebay or something. And give thanks to God.
ham,Bbq this sat at mine from 6ish. Ur welcome 2 come
ham,"Sorry, I'll call later"
ham,Still work going on:)it is very small house.
ham,WHAT TIME U WRKIN?
ham,When did dad get back.
ham,No problem. We will be spending a lot of quality time together...
ham,I'm e person who's doing e sms survey...
ham,Ok thanx...
ham,Ok i am on the way to railway
ham,Nope. I just forgot. Will show next week
ham,At 4. Let's go to bill millers
ham,"Haha awesome, omw back now then"
ham,"sry can't talk on phone, with parents"
spam,We tried to call you re your reply to our sms for a video mobile 750 mins UNLIMITED TEXT + free camcorder Reply of call 08000930705 Now
ham,Shant disturb u anymore... Jia you...
ham,Love you aathi..love u lot..
ham,I am taking you for italian food. How about a pretty dress with no panties? :)
ham,"Nope. Since ayo travelled, he has forgotten his guy"
ham,Yep get with the program. You're slacking.
spam,You have WON a guaranteed £1000 cash or a £2000 prize. To claim yr prize call our customer service representative on 08714712379 between 10am-7pm Cost 10p
ham,Ok leave no need to ask
ham,"Also sir, i sent you an email about how to log into the usc payment portal. I.ll send you another message that should explain how things are back home. Have a great weekend."
ham,Great. Hope you are using your connections from mode men also cos you can never know why old friends can lead you to today
ham,No de.am seeing in online shop so that i asked.
spam,"Hello darling how are you today? I would love to have a chat, why dont you tell me what you look like and what you are in to sexy?"
ham,K..give back my thanks.
ham,Wot is u up 2 then bitch?
ham,K:)all the best:)congrats...
ham,Just wait till end of march when el nino gets himself. Oh.
ham,"Princess, i like to make love  &lt;#&gt;  times per night. Hope thats not a problem!"
ham,How much is torch in 9ja.
ham,"Idk. You keep saying that you're not, but since he moved, we keep butting heads over freedom vs. responsibility. And i'm tired. I have so much other shit to deal with that i'm barely keeping myself together once this gets added to it."
ham,My love ... I hope your not doing anything drastic. Don't you dare sell your pc or your phone ...
ham,"What's up bruv, hope you had a great break. Do have a rewarding semester."
ham,"Yes, princess. Toledo."
ham,Come to medical college at 7pm ......forward it da
ham,I would but I'm still cozy. And exhausted from last night.nobody went to school or work. Everything is closed.
ham,Hi..i got the money da:)
ham,That is wondarfull song
ham,"Hello, my boytoy! I made it home and my constant thought is of you, my love. I hope your having a nice visit but I can't wait till you come home to me ...*kiss*"
ham,"A boy was late 2 home. His father: ""POWER OF FRNDSHIP"""
ham,Eh u remember how 2 spell his name... Yes i did. He v naughty make until i v wet.
ham,"Sorry, I can't help you on this."
ham,"""HEY HEY WERETHE MONKEESPEOPLE SAY WE MONKEYAROUND! HOWDY GORGEOUS, HOWU DOIN? FOUNDURSELF A JOBYET SAUSAGE?LOVE JEN XXX"""
ham,Da is good good player.why he is unsold.
ham,Raji..pls do me a favour. Pls convey my Birthday wishes to Nimya. Pls. Today is her birthday.
ham,Tomorrow i am not going to theatre. . . So i can come wherever u call me. . . Tell me where and when to come tomorrow
ham,I dunno until when... Lets go learn pilates...
ham,Have you bookedthe hut? And also your time off? How are you by the way?
ham,Yeah that'd pretty much be the best case scenario
ham,You were supposed to wake ME up &gt;:(
ham,"Wen ur lovable bcums angry wid u, dnt take it seriously.. Coz being angry is d most childish n true way of showing deep affection, care n luv!.. kettoda manda... Have nice day da."
ham,Hello beautiful r u ok? I've kinda ad a row wiv and he walked out the pub?? I wanted a night wiv u Miss u 
ham,Ok lar i double check wif da hair dresser already he said wun cut v short. He said will cut until i look nice.
ham,"K, can that happen tonight?"
ham,Okie
ham,Am not working but am up to eyes in philosophy so will text u later when a bit more free for chat...
ham,Hey! There's veggie pizza... :/
ham,Wat makes some people dearer is not just de happiness dat u feel when u meet them but de pain u feel when u miss dem!!!
ham,See you there! 
ham,Oh all have to come ah?
spam,Urgent Please call 09066612661 from landline. £5000 cash or a luxury 4* Canary Islands Holiday await collection. T&Cs SAE award. 20M12AQ. 150ppm. 16+ “
spam,Moby Pub Quiz.Win a £100 High Street prize if u know who the new Duchess of Cornwall will be? Txt her first name to 82277.unsub STOP £1.50 008704050406 SP Arrow
ham,Once free call me sir.
ham,Are you planning to come chennai?
ham,No problem baby. Is this is a good time to talk? I called and left a message.
ham,LOL what happens in Vegas stays in vegas
ham,Ya even those cookies have jelly on them
ham,I just made some payments so dont have that much. Sorry. Would you want it fedex or the other way.
ham,Yes just finished watching days of our lives. I love it.
ham,"Height of Confidence: All the Aeronautics professors wer calld &amp; they wer askd 2 sit in an aeroplane. Aftr they sat they wer told dat the plane ws made by their students. Dey all hurried out of d plane.. Bt only 1 didnt move... He said:""if it is made by my students,this wont even start........ Datz confidence.."
ham,Wat would u like 4 ur birthday?
ham,"Good evening Sir, hope you are having a nice day. I wanted to bring it to your notice that I have been late in paying rent for the past few months and have had to pay a $ &lt;#&gt;  charge. I felt it would be inconsiderate of me to nag about something you give at great cost to yourself and that's why i didnt speak up. I however am in a recession and wont be able to pay the charge this month hence my askin well ahead of month's end. Can you please help. Thank you for everything."
ham,Okie.. Thanx..
spam,"Our dating service has been asked 2 contact U by someone shy! CALL 09058091870 NOW all will be revealed. POBox84, M26 3UZ 150p"
ham,R U &SAM P IN EACHOTHER. IF WE MEET WE CAN GO 2 MY HOUSE
ham,Lol you won't feel bad when I use her money to take you out to a steak dinner =D
ham,Once free call me sir. I am waiting for you.
ham,Yay! You better not have told that to 5 other girls either.
ham,Jesus armand really is trying to tell everybody he can find
spam,SMS SERVICES For your inclusive text credits pls gotto www.comuk.net login 3qxj9 unsubscribe with STOP no extra charge help 08702840625 comuk.220cm2 9AE
ham,I‘m going to try for 2 months ha ha only joking
ham,"I know where the  &lt;#&gt;  is, I'll be there around 5"
ham,Dunno da next show aft 6 is 850. Toa payoh got 650.
ham,Oh. U must have taken your REAL Valentine out shopping first.
spam,FREE for 1st week! No1 Nokia tone 4 ur mob every week just txt NOKIA to 87077 Get txting and tell ur mates. zed POBox 36504 W45WQ norm150p/tone 16+
ham,K.k:)i'm going to tirunelvali this week to see my uncle ..i already spend the amount by taking dress .so only i want money.i will give it on feb 1
ham,Ok ill tell the company
ham,My slave! I want you to take 2 or 3 pictures of yourself today in bright light on your cell phone! Bright light!
ham,"I‘ll leave around four, ok?"
spam,"SMS. ac JSco: Energy is high, but u may not know where 2channel it. 2day ur leadership skills r strong. Psychic? Reply ANS w/question. End? Reply END JSCO"
ham,"Yes, princess. Are you going to make me moan?"
ham,"Thursday night? Yeah, sure thing, we'll work it out then"
ham,U don't remember that old commercial?
ham,Now only i reached home. . . I am very tired now. . I will come tomorro
ham,K k pa Had your lunch aha.
ham,Hey i will be really pretty late... You want to go for the lesson first? I will join you. I'm only reaching tp mrt
ham,Sorry da..today i wont come to play..i have driving clas..
ham,Long time. You remember me today.
ham,"I don't know, same thing that's wrong everyso often, he panicks starts goin on bout not bein good enough …"
ham,Nokia phone is lovly..
ham,Yes princess! I want to catch you with my big strong hands...
ham,"The LAY MAN! Just to let you know you are missed and thought off. Do have a great day. And if you can send me bimbo and ugo's numbers, ill appreciate. Safe"
ham,I'm done...
spam,WINNER!! As a valued network customer you have been selected to receivea £900 prize reward! To claim call 09061701461. Claim code KL341. Valid 12 hours only.
ham,Happy birthday to you....dear.with lots of love.rakhesh NRI
spam,"Congrats! 2 mobile 3G Videophones R yours. call 09061744553 now! videochat wid ur mates, play java games, Dload polyH music, noline rentl. bx420. ip4. 5we. 150pm"
spam,Panasonic & BluetoothHdset FREE. Nokia FREE. Motorola FREE & DoubleMins & DoubleTxt on Orange contract. Call MobileUpd8 on 08000839402 or call 2optout
ham,That's my honeymoon outfit. :)
ham,Yes. Nigh you cant aha.
ham,Cos daddy arranging time c wat time fetch ü mah...
ham,Then get some cash together and I'll text jason
ham,Hows the street where the end of library walk is?
ham,I anything lor.
ham,Hui xin is in da lib.
ham,I'm in class. Will holla later
ham,Hi di is yijue we're meeting at 7 pm at esaplanade tonight.
spam,"Update_Now - Xmas Offer! Latest Motorola, SonyEricsson & Nokia & FREE Bluetooth! Double Mins & 1000 Txt on Orange. Call MobileUpd8 on 08000839402 or call2optout/F4Q="
ham,"If we hit it off, you can move in with me :)"
ham,Y?WHERE U AT DOGBREATH? ITS JUST SOUNDING LIKE JAN C THATS AL!!!!!!!!!
ham,"Wishing you and your family Merry ""X"" mas and HAPPY NEW Year in advance.."
ham,You intrepid duo you! Have a great time and see you both soon. 
spam,Dorothy@kiefer.com (Bank of Granite issues Strong-Buy) EXPLOSIVE PICK FOR OUR MEMBERS *****UP OVER 300% *********** Nasdaq Symbol CDGT That is a $5.00 per..
ham,Are you available for soiree on June 3rd?
spam,Congratulations ur awarded either £500 of CD gift vouchers & Free entry 2 our £100 weekly draw txt MUSIC to 87066 TnCs www.Ldew.com1win150ppmx3age16
ham,I tot u outside cos darren say u come shopping. Of course we nice wat. We jus went sim lim look at mp3 player.
ham,Yes..he is really great..bhaji told kallis best cricketer after sachin in world:).very tough to get out.
ham,Kindly send some one to our flat before  &lt;DECIMAL&gt;  today.
spam,Dear 0776xxxxxxx U've been invited to XCHAT. This is our final attempt to contact u! Txt CHAT to 86688 150p/MsgrcvdHG/Suite342/2Lands/Row/W1J6HL LDN 18yrs
ham,"Fighting with the world is easy, u either win or lose bt fightng with some1 who is close to u is dificult if u lose - u lose if u win - u still lose."
ham,For many things its an antibiotic and it can be used for chest abdomen and gynae infections even bone infections.
ham,Yup i'm elaborating on the safety aspects and some other issues..
ham,Super da:)good replacement for murali
ham,"She said,'' do u mind if I go into the bedroom for a minute ? '' ''OK'', I sed in a sexy mood. She came out 5 minuts latr wid a cake...n My Wife,"
spam,"Congrats! 2 mobile 3G Videophones R yours. call 09063458130 now! videochat wid your mates, play java games, Dload polyPH music, noline rentl."
ham,"He has lots of used ones babe, but the model doesn't help. Youi have to bring it over and he'll match it up"
spam,"Will u meet ur dream partner soon? Is ur career off 2 a flyng start? 2 find out free, txt HORO followed by ur star sign, e. g. HORO ARIES"
ham,Ill be there on  &lt;#&gt;  ok.
ham,I'm watching lotr w my sis dis aft. So u wan 2 meet me 4 dinner at nite a not?
ham,Everybody had fun this evening. Miss you.
ham,What year. And how many miles.
ham,How did you find out in a way that didn't include all of these details
ham,"Haha, just what I was thinkin"
ham,Yup but not studying surfing lor. I'm in e lazy mode today.
ham,I wan but too early lei... Me outside now wun b home so early... Neva mind then...
ham,Hey we can go jazz power yoga hip hop kb and yogasana 
ham,What u talking bout early morning? It's almost noon where your at!
ham,I can take you at like noon
ham,Aight what time you want me to come up?
ham,WHEN THE FIRST STRIKE IS A RED ONE. THE BIRD + ANTELOPE BEGIN TOPLAY IN THE FIELDOF SELFINDEPENDENCE BELIEVE THIS + THE FLOWER OF CONTENTION WILL GROW.RANDOM!
ham,X course it 2yrs. Just so her messages on messenger lik you r sending me
ham,V nice! Off 2 sheffield tom 2 air my opinions on categories 2 b used 2 measure ethnicity in next census. Busy transcribing. :-)
ham,Aiyo u so poor thing... Then u dun wan 2 eat? U bathe already?
ham,What happened in interview?
ham,There r many model..sony ericson also der.. &lt;#&gt; ..it luks good bt i forgot modl no
ham,Hi dis is yijue i would be happy to work wif ü all for gek1510...
ham,I'm job profile seems like bpo..
ham,Rightio. 11.48 it is then. Well arent we all up bright and early this morning.
ham,Ok i also wan 2 watch e 9 pm show...
ham,Thanks for picking up the trash.
ham,Or i go home first lar ü wait 4 me lor.. I put down my stuff first..
ham,I'm going 4 lunch now wif my family then aft dat i go str 2 orchard lor.
ham,Babe ! What are you doing ? Where are you ? Who are you talking to ? Do you think of me ? Are you being a good boy? Are you missing me? Do you love me ?
ham,i thought we were doing a king of the hill thing there.
ham,yeah sure thing mate haunt got all my stuff sorted but im going sound anyway promoting hex for .by the way who is this? dont know number. Joke
ham,Oh ho. Is this the first time u use these type of words
ham,"Yo, the game almost over? Want to go to walmart soon"
ham,K:)k.are you in college?
ham,I havent add ü yet right.. 
ham,How are you with moneY...as in to you...money aint a thing....how are you sha!
ham,"Mum, i've sent you many many messages since i got here. I just want to know that you are actually getting them. Do enjoy the rest of your day."
ham,Or remind me in a few hrs.
ham,I ask if u meeting da ge tmr nite...
spam,Someone U know has asked our dating service 2 contact you! Cant Guess who? CALL 09058091854 NOW all will be revealed. PO BOX385 M6 6WU
ham,Fine. Do you remember me.
ham,You are not bothering me but you have to trust my answers. Pls.
ham,And miss vday the parachute and double coins??? U must not know me very well...
ham,"Actually fuck that, just do whatever, do find an excuse to be in tampa at some point before january though"
ham,U come n search tat vid..not finishd..
spam,U are subscribed to the best Mobile Content Service in the UK for £3 per 10 days until you send STOP to 82324. Helpline 08706091795
ham,In e msg jus now. U said thanks for gift.
ham,I miss you so much I'm so desparate I have recorded the message you left for me the other day and listen to it just to hear the sound of your voice. I love you
spam,* FREE* POLYPHONIC RINGTONE Text SUPER to 87131 to get your FREE POLY TONE of the week now! 16 SN PoBox202 NR31 7ZS subscription 450pw
ham,"Doing nothing, then u not having dinner w us?"
spam,important information 4 orange user . today is your lucky day!2find out why log onto http://www.urawinner.com THERE'S A FANTASTIC SURPRISE AWAITING YOU!
ham,Somebody set up a website where you can play hold em using eve online spacebucks
ham,Got it..mail panren paru..
ham,645
ham,hi baby im sat on the bloody bus at the mo and i wont be home until about 7:30 wanna do somethin later? call me later ortxt back jess xx
ham,At what time are you coming.
ham,Thank You meet you monday
ham,Its a part of checking IQ
ham,Then she buying today? Ü no need to c meh...
ham,R ü comin back for dinner?
ham,"Whenevr ur sad, Whenevr ur gray, Remembr im here 2 listn 2 watevr u wanna say, Jus walk wid me a little while,&amp; I promise I'll bring back ur smile.:-)"
ham,Its posible dnt live in  &lt;#&gt; century cm frwd n thnk different
spam,"FREE RINGTONE text FIRST to 87131 for a poly or text GET to 87131 for a true tone! Help? 0845 2814032 16 after 1st free, tones are 3x£150pw to e£nd txt stop"
ham,They r giving a second chance to rahul dengra.
ham,"Got fujitsu, ibm, hp, toshiba... Got a lot of model how to say..."
ham,"that would be good … I'll phone you tomo lunchtime, shall I, to organise something?"
ham,I liked the new mobile
ham,If i start sending blackberry torch to nigeria will you find buyer for me?like 4a month. And tell dad not to buy bb from anyone oh.
spam,"Thanks for your ringtone order, reference number X49. Your mobile will be charged 4.50. Should your tone not arrive please call customer services 09065989182. From: [colour=red]text[/colour]TXTstar"
ham,Tell me whos this pls:-)
ham,Nice.nice.how is it working?
ham,I wnt to buy a BMW car urgently..its vry urgent.but hv a shortage of  &lt;#&gt; Lacs.there is no source to arng dis amt. &lt;#&gt; lacs..thats my prob
ham,"Goodmorning,my grandfather expired..so am on leave today."
ham,"Rose for red,red for blood,blood for heart,heart for u. But u for me.... Send tis to all ur friends.. Including me.. If u like me.. If u get back, 1-u r poor in relation! 2-u need some 1 to support 3-u r frnd 2 many 4-some1 luvs u 5+- some1 is praying god to marry u.:-) try it...."
ham,In other news after hassling me to get him weed for a week andres has no money. HAUGHAIGHGTUJHYGUJ
ham,What's your room number again? Wanna make sure I'm knocking on the right door
spam,You are now unsubscribed all services. Get tons of sexy babes or hunks straight to your phone! go to http://gotbabes.co.uk. No subscriptions.
spam,No 1 POLYPHONIC tone 4 ur mob every week! Just txt PT2 to 87575. 1st Tone FREE ! so get txtin now and tell ur friends. 150p/tone. 16 reply HL 4info
ham,He is there. You call and meet him
ham,He needs to stop going to bed and make with the fucking dealing
ham,Ü v ma fan...
ham,"Yep, by the pretty sculpture"
ham,Hello which the site to download songs its urgent pls
ham,Sounds like a plan! Cardiff is still here and still cold! I'm sitting on the radiator!
ham,May b approve panalam...but it should have more posts..
ham,She's borderline but yeah whatever.
ham,"Er yeah, i will b there at 15:26, sorry! Just tell me which pub/cafe to sit in and come wen u can"
spam,"Thanks for your ringtone order, ref number R836. Your mobile will be charged £4.50. Should your tone not arrive please call customer services on 09065069154"
spam,EASTENDERS TV Quiz. What FLOWER does DOT compare herself to? D= VIOLET E= TULIP F= LILY txt D E or F to 84025 NOW 4 chance 2 WIN £100 Cash WKENT/150P16+
ham,Then u better go sleep.. Dun disturb u liao.. U wake up then msg me lor..
ham,We live in the next  &lt;#&gt; mins
ham,"FRAN I DECIDED 2 GO N E WAY IM COMPLETELY BROKE AN KNACKERED I GOT UP BOUT 3 C U 2MRW LOVE JANX P.S THIS IS MY DADS FONE, -NO CREDIT"
spam,"Had your contract mobile 11 Mnths? Latest Motorola, Nokia etc. all FREE! Double Mins & Text on Orange tariffs. TEXT YES for callback, no to remove from records."
ham,K..k..i'm also fine:)when will you complete the course?
spam,Please CALL 08712402779 immediately as there is an urgent message waiting for you
spam,URGENT This is our 2nd attempt to contact U. Your £900 prize from YESTERDAY is still awaiting collection. To claim CALL NOW 09061702893
ham,&lt;#&gt;  great loxahatchee xmas tree burning update: you can totally see stars here
ham,Haven't heard anything and he's not answering my texts so I'm guessing he flaked. That said the jb is fantastic
ham,Yes i will be there. Glad you made it.
ham,Sry da..jst nw only i came to home..
ham,Send to someone else :-)
ham,Not yet chikku..wat abt u?
ham,Okay name ur price as long as its legal! Wen can I pick them up? Y u ave x ams xx
ham,I will come tomorrow di
ham,Or ill be a little closer like at the bus stop on the same street
ham,I'm going 2 orchard now laready me reaching soon. U reaching?
ham,Wat time do u wan 2 meet me later?
ham,Shall i get my pouch?
ham,"When people see my msgs, They think Iam addicted to msging... They are wrong, Bcoz They don\'t know that Iam addicted to my sweet Friends..!! BSLVYL"
ham,Dont hesitate. You know this is the second time she has had weakness like that. So keep i notebook of what she eat and did the day before or if anything changed the day before so that we can be sure its nothing
ham,Bishan lar nearer... No need buy so early cos if buy now i gotta park my car...
ham,Good Morning plz call me sir
ham,Ok no prob. Take ur time.
ham,Sitting in mu waiting for everyone to get out of my suite so I can take a shower
spam,Congratulations ur awarded 500 of CD vouchers or 125gift guaranteed & Free entry 2 100 wkly draw txt MUSIC to 87066
ham,"Abeg, make profit. But its a start. Are you using it to get sponsors for the next event?"
ham,Customer place i will call you
ham,"""The world suffers a lot... Not because of the violence of bad people. But because of the silence of good people!"", Gud night...."
spam,"Urgent! call 09066612661 from landline. Your complementary 4* Tenerife Holiday or £10,000 cash await collection SAE T&Cs PO Box 3 WA14 2PX 150ppm 18+ Sender: Hol Offer"
ham,At home watching tv lor.
ham,You dont know you jabo me abi.
ham,Call him and say you not coming today ok and tell them not to fool me like this ok
ham,Yes but I don't care cause I know its there!
ham,Its on in engalnd! But telly has decided it won't let me watch it and mia and elliot were kissing! Damn it!
spam,Dear U've been invited to XCHAT. This is our final attempt to contact u! Txt CHAT to 86688
spam,"Urgent -call 09066649731from Landline. Your complimentary 4* Ibiza Holiday or £10,000 cash await collection SAE T&Cs PO BOX 434 SK3 8WP 150ppm 18+"
ham,I need to come home and give you some good lovin...
ham,Really good:)dhanush rocks once again:)
ham,Dont kick coco when he's down
ham,Yeah I can still give you a ride
ham,"Indians r poor but India is not a poor country. Says one of the swiss bank directors. He says that "" &lt;#&gt;  lac crore"" of Indian money is deposited in swiss banks which can be used for 'taxless' budget for  &lt;#&gt;  yrs. Can give  &lt;#&gt;  crore jobs to all Indians. From any village to Delhi 4 lane roads. Forever free power suply to more than  &lt;#&gt;  social projects. Every citizen can get monthly  &lt;#&gt; /- for  &lt;#&gt;  yrs. No need of World Bank &amp; IMF loan. Think how our money is blocked by rich politicians. We have full rights against corrupt politicians. Itna forward karo ki pura INDIA padhe.g.m."""
ham,"""HELLO U.CALL WEN U FINISH WRK.I FANCY MEETIN UP WIV U ALL TONITE AS I NEED A BREAK FROM DABOOKS. DID 4 HRS LAST NITE+2 TODAY OF WRK!"""
ham,I am on the way to ur home
ham,Thanks for this hope you had a good day today
spam,Free video camera phones with Half Price line rental for 12 mths and 500 cross ntwk mins 100 txts. Call MobileUpd8 08001950382 or Call2OptOut/674&
ham,U sure u can't take any sick time?
spam,"Download as many ringtones as u like no restrictions, 1000s 2 choose. U can even send 2 yr buddys. Txt Sir to 80082 £3 "
ham,Please dont say like that. Hi hi hi
ham,"Sounds good, keep me posted"
spam,WIN a year supply of CDs 4 a store of ur choice worth £500 & enter our £100 Weekly draw txt MUSIC to 87066 Ts&Cs www.Ldew.com.subs16+1win150ppmx3
ham,Yo you around? A friend of mine's lookin to pick up later tonight
ham,"I dont knw pa, i just drink milk.."
ham,K...k:)why cant you come here and search job:)
ham,How much are we getting?
spam,Customer Loyalty Offer:The NEW Nokia6650 Mobile from ONLY £10 at TXTAUCTION! Txt word: START to No: 81151 & get yours Now! 4T&Ctxt TC 150p/MTmsg
ham,After the drug she will be able to eat.
ham,By monday next week. Give me the full gist
ham,No just send to you. Bec you in temple na.
ham,Printer is cool. I mean groovy. Wine is groovying
ham,if you text on your way to cup stop that should work. And that should be BUS
ham,I wnt to buy a BMW car urgently..its vry urgent.but hv a shortage of  &lt;#&gt; Lacs.there is no source to arng dis amt. &lt;#&gt; lacs..thats my prob
ham,But i juz remembered i gotta bathe my dog today..
spam,"Congratulations! Thanks to a good friend U have WON the £2,000 Xmas prize. 2 claim is easy, just call 08718726978 NOW! Only 10p per minute. BT-national-rate"
ham,Good morning princess! How are you?
ham,Btw regarding that we should really try to see if anyone else can be our 4th guy before we commit to a random dude
ham,"I sent you the prices and do you mean the  &lt;#&gt; g,"
ham,Package all your programs well
ham,Unless it's a situation where YOU GO GURL would be more appropriate
ham,S..antha num corrct dane
ham,I'm always on yahoo messenger now. Just send the message to me and i.ll get it you may have to send it in the mobile mode sha but i.ll get it. And will reply.
ham,Sure! I am driving but will reach my destination soon.
ham,Well at this right I'm gonna have to get up and check today's steam sales/pee so text me when you want me to come get you
ham,Ok... Help me ask if she's working tmr a not?
spam,This message is free. Welcome to the new & improved Sex & Dogging club! To unsubscribe from this service reply STOP. msgs@150p 18+only
ham,Badrith is only for chennai:)i will surely pick for us:)no competition for him.
ham,"Yeah, where's your class at?"
spam,2/2 146tf150p
ham,"Yeah there's barely enough room for the two of us, x has too many fucking shoes. Sorry man, see you later"
ham,But my family not responding for anything. Now am in room not went to home for diwali but no one called me and why not coming. It makes me feel like died.
ham,"""YEH I AM DEF UP4 SOMETHING SAT,JUST GOT PAYED2DAY & I HAVBEEN GIVEN A£50 PAY RISE 4MY WORK & HAVEBEEN MADE PRESCHOOLCO-ORDINATOR 2I AM FEELINGOOD LUV"""
ham,Can i get your opinion on something first?
ham,Tell me they're female :V how're you throwing in? We're deciding what all to get now
ham,Ok set let u noe e details later...
ham,"We made it! Eta at taunton is 12:30 as planned, hope that‘s still okday?! Good to see you! :-xx"
ham,"Hello, my love ! How went your day ? Are you alright ? I think of you, my sweet and send a jolt to your heart to remind you ... I LOVE YOU! Can you hear it ? I screamed it across the sea for all the world to hear. Ahmad al Hallaq is loved ! and owned ! *possessive passionate kiss*"
ham,"""HEY BABE! FAR 2 SPUN-OUT 2 SPK AT DA MO... DEAD 2 DA WRLD. BEEN SLEEPING ON DA SOFA ALL DAY, HAD A COOL NYTHO, TX 4 FONIN HON, CALL 2MWEN IM BK FRMCLOUD 9! J X"""
ham,Do you know where my lab goggles went
ham,Omg if its not one thing its another. My cat has worms :/ when does this bad day end?
ham,And you! Will expect you whenever you text! Hope all goes well tomo 
ham,Every day i use to sleep after  &lt;#&gt;  so only.
ham,"sorry, no, have got few things to do. may be in pub later."
ham,If u dun drive then how i go 2 sch.
ham,They did't play one day last year know even though they have very good team.. Like india.
spam,"Last Chance! Claim ur £150 worth of discount vouchers today! Text SHOP to 85023 now! SavaMob, offers mobile! T Cs SavaMob POBOX84, M263UZ. £3.00 Sub. 16"
ham,Have a good evening! Ttyl
spam,Our brand new mobile music service is now live. The free music player will arrive shortly. Just install on your phone to browse content from the top artists.
ham,Hanging out with my brother and his family
ham,Da my birthdate in certificate is in april but real date is today. But dont publish it. I shall give you a special treat if you keep the secret. Any way thanks for the wishes
ham,Also hi wesley how've you been
ham,Better. Made up for Friday and stuffed myself like a pig yesterday. Now I feel bleh. But at least its not writhing pain kind of bleh.
ham,I'm ok. Will do my part tomorrow
ham,Prof: you have passed in all the papers in this sem congrats . . . . Student: Enna kalaachutaarama..!! Prof:???? Gud mrng!
spam,PRIVATE! Your 2003 Account Statement for shows 800 un-redeemed S. I. M. points. Call 08715203694 Identifier Code: 40533 Expires 31/10/04
ham,I dont have any of your file in my bag..i was in work when you called me.i 'll tell you if i find anything in my room.
ham,Wife.how she knew the time of murder exactly
ham,Ü wait 4 me in sch i finish ard 5..
ham,Nt yet chikku..simple habba..hw abt u?
spam,URGENT! Your Mobile number has been awarded with a £2000 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09058094455 from land line. Claim 3030. Valid 12hrs only
ham,"Say this slowly.? GOD,I LOVE YOU &amp; I NEED YOU,CLEAN MY HEART WITH YOUR BLOOD.Send this to Ten special people &amp; u c miracle tomorrow, do it,pls,pls do it..."
ham,Super msg da:)nalla timing.
spam,Ever thought about living a good life with a perfect partner? Just txt back NAME and AGE to join the mobile community. (100p/SMS)
ham,If i not meeting ü all rite then i'll go home lor. If ü dun feel like comin it's ok.
ham,"So you think i should actually talk to him? Not call his boss in the morning? I went to this place last year and he told me where i could go and get my car fixed cheaper. He kept telling me today how much he hoped i would come back in, how he always regretted not getting my number, etc."
ham,Only if you promise your getting out as SOON as you can. And you'll text me in the morning to let me know you made it in ok.
ham,Can you use foreign stamps for whatever you send them off for? 
ham,Ha ha cool cool chikku chikku:-):-DB-)
spam,87077: Kick off a new season with 2wks FREE goals & news to ur mobile! Txt ur club name to 87077 eg VILLA to 87077
ham,Shuhui say change 2 suntec steamboat? U noe where? Where r u now?
ham,"Oh, then your phone phoned me but it disconnected"
spam,You have an important customer service announcement from PREMIER. Call FREEPHONE 0800 542 0578 now!
spam,"HOT LIVE FANTASIES call now 08707509020 Just 20p per min NTT Ltd, PO Box 1327 Croydon CR9 5WB 0870..k"
